My story into blogs (#2563)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/blog/grasp-every-opportunity.md

---
title: Grasp every opportunity - you will progress
date: "2019-10-21"
author:  Paul Evason
images:
  q-paul:
    path: "media/images/content/blog/stories-paul.jpg"
    thumbnail_path: "media/images/content/blog/stories-paul.jpg"
description: |-
  Assistant headteacher Paul Evason shares how he progressed from being a new qualifed teacher to taking on a management role.
keywords:
  - life as a teacher
  - day in the life
  - classroom
tags:
  - career progression
---

$q-paul$

I always wanted to work in an environment that was never going to be the same every day – teaching definitely provides this. Working with students from different backgrounds and preparing them to take their next steps towards success was always a huge draw to the profession.

As a teacher, you'll have the opportunity to develop and succeed in your career to realise your professional and personal ambitions. Before I was assistant headteacher I enjoyed a number of different roles learning new skills that have helped me to move forward in my career.

## Take on a challenge

> When I started teaching as a newly qualified teacher, I looked for opportunities to support the school and to enhance my experience.

Reviewer: Add NQT/ECT disclaimer to top?

> When I started teaching as a newly qualified teacher, I looked for opportunities to support the school and to enhance my experience.

Reviewer: Add NQT/ECT disclaimer to top?

> For example, in my first year, I led on re-designing the KS3 curriculum, and in my second year I started to become involved in the school's virtual learning environment. All of this added to my experience and provided me with plenty to talk about when applying for new roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in my first year, I led on re-designing the key stage 3 curriculum, and in my second year I started to become involved in the school's virtual learning environment. All of this added to my experience and provided me with plenty to talk about when applying for new roles.
```

> For example, in my first year, I led on re-designing the KS3 curriculum, and in my second year I started to become involved in the school's virtual learning environment. All of this added to my experience and provided me with plenty to talk about when applying for new roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in my first year, I led on re-designing the key stage 3 curriculum, and in my second year I started to become involved in the school's virtual learning environment. All of this added to my experience and provided me with plenty to talk about when applying for new roles.
```

> My long-term plan is to go into headship, but do not want to rush this. I want to be able to experience a range of different areas in schools to ensure that I am fully prepared for the challenges that a headship role will bring.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
My long-term plan is to go into headship, but I do not want to rush this. I want to be able to experience a range of different areas in schools to ensure that I am fully prepared for the challenges that a headship role will bring.
```
